---
      author: Espresso
      pubDatetime: 2024-01-15T11:35:14.618Z
      title: Granblue Fantasy Relink PS5 and PS4 demo launches January 12, updates schedule and more announced
      postSlug: Granblue-Fantasy-Relink-PS5-and-PS4-demo-launches-January-12,-updates-schedule-and-more-announced
      featured: false
      ogImage: https:&#x2F;&#x2F;www.gematsu.com&#x2F;wp-content&#x2F;uploads&#x2F;2024&#x2F;01&#x2F;Granblue-Fantasy-Relink_Slides_2024_01-11-24_Top.jpg
      tags: 
        - Granblue Fantasy
        - PlayStation
        - PS5 
        - PS4
        - PC
        - RPG
        - Action RPG
        - Clips
        - Demos
        - Gameplay
        - Release Dates
      description: A demo for action RPG Granblue Fantasy Relink will launch for PlayStation 5 and PlayStation 4 on January 12, publisher Cygames and developer Cygames Osaka announced. It is available now in region
---

A demo for action RPG Granblue Fantasy: Relink will launch for PlayStation 5 and PlayStation 4 on January 12, publisher Cygames and developer Cygames Osaka announced. It is available now in regions where it is already January 12, such as New Zealand (PlayStation 5, PlayStation 4). The companies also announced the Granblue Fantasy: Relink updates schedule, which includes a Lucilius boss fight quest in March, new playable characters Seofon and Tweyen in April, and to be announced additions in May.Get the details below.■ DemoThe demo will launch on January 12 at midnight (JST). It is downloadable from PlayStation Store.There are three modes to play in the demo. You can try out “Tutorial,” “Story,” and “Quest” modes.Tutorial Mode will let you practice the basic controls of the game. Whether you have played a trial version or are touching the game for the first time, it will be the best way to get comfortable with the game’s controls.Story Mode is exactly what it sounds like. You’ll play through an introductory portion of the story, which will be almost the same as the release version.Lastly, we have Quest Mode. This mode includes three different Quests. These quests are multiplayer-compatible, so grab a friend or three and dive in. Of course, it’s also possible to play them offline using CPU-controlled allies. Compared to the Story, the battles in this mode will prove to be more challenging, so have fun sinking your teeth into them.These are characters you can play in this mode. You will also be able to customize their gear loadouts, so there’s plenty to check out. Characters also have unique banter with each other, so try out as much as you can.When you select a mode, there will be a prompt asking if you would like to use either Assist Mode, so feel free to give it a shot.Completing the Story and Quest modes of the demo will net you some small bonuses for the release version of the game.■ In-Game Item SetsGranblue Fantasy: Relink has several editions, of which all include in-game item sets, save for the standard physical and digital editions.It includes:Captain’s Weapon: False Sword of the ApocalypseThis blade mimics the yearning for destruction. Comes fully upgraded, providing a powerful option for the early game.Starter Item SetAn item set packed with the resources for enhancing your characters and weapons: Glittercrystals for trading, Fortitude Crystals (S) to temper your weapons, and Mastery Points to unlock character masteries. Provides a boost for the early-to-mid stages of the game.Color Pack 1Color Pack 2Color Pack 3■ Cross-PlayThere will be no cross-play between Steam and PlayStation. Steam users can play with each other, and PlayStation users can play with each other (PlayStation 4 and PlayStation 5 users can play together).■ Streaming Guidelines■ Update ScheduleAs our first update, we’ll be releasing an incredibly difficult Quest featuring Lucilius. It is one of the most challenging quests in the game, which means he will take a lot of preparation to take down.This fight is not part of Granblue Fantasy: Relink‘s storyline, of course, but is more of a simulation of the final showdown with Lucilius from 000.The impossible-difficulty Lucilius from mobile Granblue Fantasy has all the elements of a challenging RPG fight. We wanted to take those elements and translate them into Granblue Fantasy: Relink‘s brand of action, all while recreating the animations and badass vibe of the original.I think we were successful in reproducing something action game fanatics will really be able to sink their teeth into. And we are not lying when we say it’s challenging—it’s extremely tough.Seofon and Tweyen UpdateUpdates ScheduleLucilius drops in early March, Seofon and Tweyen in April, and one more thing in May.■ Original SoundtrackGranblue Fantasy: Relink Original Soundtrack will go on sale March 13! You can preorder it now. The soundtrack includes every song recorded for Granblue Fantasy: Relink, which comes out to six CDs.■ Granblue Fantasy Versus: Rising BonusAs long as you have Relink save data, you’ll be able to obtain Id as a lobby avatar in Granblue Fantasy Versus: Rising.■ Tune In to Granblue TV Channel!Hisako Kanemoto, the voice of Djeeta, will be joining the January 21 and January 28 episodes of Granblue TV Channel. And on January 28, Kanemoto will test out some Granblue Fantasy: Relink gameplay herself.Granblue Fantasy: Relink is due out for PlayStation 5, PlayStation 4, and PC via Steam on February 1, 2024.Watch the latest footage below.
